Add blog post about recent Clippy team changes (#999)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/inside-rust/2022-06-30-clippy-team-changes.md

contributor since then. He contributed in pretty much every area - big
refactors, bug fixes, and major improvements to our Clippy utils. Having him as
an additional reviewer will be a great improvement to the team.

dswij first started contributing late last summer and has fixed many bugs in
Clippy as well as implementing some new lints to make Clippy even more helpful.
With their continued contributions to Clippy and engagement in the project,
we're happy to now have them as a full team member.

Alex started contributing to Clippy shortly after and has improved our dev
tooling quite a bit. Now he wants to continue focusing on our `lintcheck` tool,
which will help detect false positives in new lints before we release them to
the public. We're excited to have Alex on our team and looking forward to all
the improvements he will bring in the future.

With the new additions to the team, we should be able to handle our long PR
queue better. We currently have over 40 open PRs, which is a good sign for the
health of the project, but doesn't help when we don't have the reviewers to
merge them. Now we do! :tada:

## Alumni

> At the same time, we recently granted some of our oldest members the well
> deserved alumni status. We want to thank [Pascal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the same time, we recently granted some of our oldest members the
well-deserved alumni status. We want to thank [Pascal
```

Hertleif](https://github.com/killercup) and [Martin
Carton](https://github.com/mcarton) for all their contributions, especially in
the early days. People joining today probably never worked with them on Clippy,
but without them, we probably wouldn't be here.

We also want to thank [Philipp Hansch](https://github.com/phansch) for their
contributions to Clippy and all of the review work they've done over the years.
To this day phansch is one of the most active Clippy contributors (measured by
the number of commits).

> And finally, thank you to [mikerite](https://github.com/mikerite), which we are
> lucky to still have as a contributor and only have to say goodbye to as an
> active reviewer/team member. We're looking forward to continue working with
> them!

Reviewer: I think this paragraph is a bit confusing. I think this conveys the same intention, but might still need some work.

```suggestion
And finally, thank you to [mikerite](https://github.com/mikerite), who will
be stepping down from an active reviewer/team member position, but will
be staying on as a contributor. We're looking forward to continue working
with them!
```
